# vdc_weather_tests
- to install this project, please go to the folder where the project is stored at your local side
- open VS Code and run this command line at terminal window: "npm i"
- now you can use Cypress command lines to execute tests

In addition, I would like to have a short presentation to my automation homework, I would be very happy if I have a chance to discuss more details in person.

- test reporting solution: I used Github Page to host my test report generated by Mochawesome plugin, anyone can access and read detail test results including attached test materials like video via this link: 
https://daosonhai.github.io/weather_tests/

- I have used Data-driven and Keyword-driven testing framework to organize this project. BDD approach is not applied, as I see Keyword-driven is too good to be replaced by BDD. However, I'd already provided a sample at cypress/Tests/BDD to demonstrate my ability in BDD approach.

- Currently, Cypress has ability to execute tests in multiple browsers like, Chrome, Firefox and MS Edge, etc. I provide a Jenkinsfile that can execute my automated tests on these supported browsers in parallel mode.

- On CI/CD, I suggest 2 solutions, first one is Jenkins solution and another one is Github Actions.

- On Cloud integration, I have studied AWS solution for months, but I've not had a change to practice it in real. We can exchange ideas on it further in person.

- On distributed execution, I provide a Dockerfile, which you can use to build image and open containers to execute tests at any machine which's already installed Docker.

- Other technique: Visual testing is also presented in this project by using Cypress-image-snapshot plugin